0:00  
 Person introducing  Mark:
Put your drumsticks together and get ready to welcome Marvellesss Mark! Let's get this party started. Ladies and gentleman find this beat Lets turn it up
(Tap sticks along with music) Mark banters with the crowd as he walks through the audience heading to the stage.telling them to turn it up along the way. Will then divide the audience in half) 

Mark on stage music stops
1:31   Give yourselves a drumstick round of applause. Congratulations You just nailed your first audition..  between you and me, how often have you fantasized about being a rock star? You don't have to answer out loud, but it's okay that you did. Because according to my unofficial research, over 72% of the most unlikely analytical ( industry professionals) do . See -  it doesn't matter what company you work for, or what  industry you're in.  The highest-level achievers are often referred to as the company.Rock Star Oh, come on, I realized this is the final day of the show. But i'm not feeling the love or the volume gotta TURN IT UP up, But just like HR, I believe everybody deserves a 59th second chance. So we're going to re-wind that statement and try it again. And this time to turn it up  


There are millions of musicians, very few rock stars. 
Rock Stars perform at a higher level. They have a bigger vision, they aren’t afraid of big goals and big dreams. As I look out at the crowd today I see a room full of rock stars. The question is 	how do you stand out> How do you remain relevant? How are you or your teams being heard above the noise?   What you have to look forward to in the next few minutes is an action-packed, highly energized, and engaging show that will give you the instruments you need to achieve boldly in these challenging times - just like a rockstar. 

We're all performers. But we're not all rock stars. Rock Stars perform at a higher level every day. And they think differently. I call it the Rockstar Mindset. Because if you think about it, your brain is a muscle too and if we don't use it, we do what? Lose it and heaven forbid, we would lose our brain in ( city name ) may be our mind but not our brain. So we're going to take the Rockstar Challenge. In just a moment you're going to see some familiar faces pop up on the screen, the nanosecond that you recognize someone I want you to shout their name out, shout it out loud louder than anybody else. So the less intelligent people know who your are

All  eyes on the screen. On your mark, get set. Now live your life that way. Here we go! Starting with say it. Bill Gates, Elon, Oprah, Michael Jordan. Mark Jones. Congratulations, you get to advance to the lightning round a little bit faster. And a little bit louder. Here we go. Starting with Yes, Aerosmith. You too.

5:11  
And now for the two words, double elimination, triple point question, what two words would you use to describe all of these people on the screen? ROCKSTAR because on one side of the screen, we have the industry or business rockstars. And on the other, we have the music rockstars. But they all figured out how to make their businesses rock. 


They, like many of you, started out at an entry-level position or in the garage before they started selling out tours and arenas. But if you could call up any of these people on the screen today, with the exception of Elvis, they would tell you, 

There are 2 reasons they are up there, 1. They all had a big unreasonable dream. 2. They committed to work together with their band or team (yes every rock star has a team) to accomplish that dream no matter what.  

So That’s great Mark, but what does that have to do with me? Well there’s something else that I didn’t tell you. All these rock stars, just like all these people in business utilize a special mindset to achieve these goals. the rock star mindset, I’ve been studying it for 20 years and I’m going to show you how you can use the same mindset to accomplish any big goal or dream. I know you have been going over what’s coming up in the next quarter and year and I think it’s safe to say that you all are committed to some pretty big goals.
So it's important that we as rock stars are constantly upgrading our mindset. Why do you need to  upgrade your mindset? Well, we upgrade our technology, a lot of us went out and rushed to get the new iPhone 14. So why wouldn't we constantly upgrade the way we think, buy books, listen to podcasts, attend conferences like this -   because you're upgrading your mindset right now. 

 I mean, people would make fun of you if you were still on Windows 95. Right, (Add audience member name) ? Now, speaking of upgrades and speaking of rockstars does anybody out here know what Steve Jobs business model was? He told us in his book, but clearly you've been too busy ( add lib to the situation example, saving the world or loaning other people money out)  to have a chance to read it. Well, his business model wasn't Thomas Edison, or Warren Buffett, Jack Welch or Oprah Winfrey. His business model was…you know what, this is kind of a big deal.may I have a drumroll, please?

7:11  
His business model was the Beatles, The Beatles. And that's one of my points and the entire premise. Here's his exact quote, check this out.

7:19  Roll Video
“My model of business is the Beatles, you know, there were four very talented guys who kept each other's negative tendencies in check. They balanced each other and their sum was greater than the parts. And that's how I see business. You know, great, great things in business are never done by one person. They're done by us. They're done by a team of people.”

7:42  
Boom. All right, we're gonna take it to the classroom, I'm going to ask you to fill-in-the-blank. Great things in business are never done by one person. They're done by a team of people.
( add audience participation here) Now full transparency here. I don't claim to be as smart as Steve Jobs or as outrageous as a rockstar. But I can dress like one. 

See, I was born a poor Missouri farm kid. We call it a misery. And I was pretty much destined to be a farmer. A farmer with some pointy, impractical boots, a rhinestone belt buckle, and some pretty cool jackets. But nonetheless, I had a big unreasonable dream. And that dream was you know what?  Let's do a rock star rewind back to 1982 to find out.
(roll Mark Video)

In short: To be a rockstar. To live the rock and roll lifestyle. To let go of anything that’s holding me back to pursue greatness.

The challenge was I wasn't a musician. I didn't sing. I lived out in the middle of nowhere and was flat broke. But I still had an undying passion for rock and roll music and knew it was destined to be a part of my life. As a result of this passion, I spent all my money buying as many records as I could. ( Maybe add for those of you born after 1989 a record is a piece of vinyl that you would put on a record player to listen to your music. ( maybe show a pic)
I was building an encyclopedia of rock and roll. Sadly knowledge doesn’t always pay the bills. So I took this passion and looked at what skills I did have at the time.  I could bark like a dog. Do a pretty good siren and a heck of a  train whistle [do train whistle]  

So I did what any ambitious farm kid would do. I started a DJ company in high school and made moves to become a hit radio DJ.  I also bought a cow just in case the whole Radio thing didn't work out - kind of a farmer starter kit 101.  Hey, it was my backup cow! Give me a break. 

But I learned very early the power of leveraging relationships, upgrading my mindset, and working as a team. And my business began to grow…and so did a cow. And as I was working in radio, my business grew even more and I had to make an executive decision to leverage what I had to take my career further. ( look at the cow and moo)

 While this move to radio was living the dream, I started to see a pattern. Why do some rock stars make one-hit wonders and fade away while others go on to become legends, releasing hit after hit? 

All of these bands were good -  good enough to make a hit heard across America. But only some of them went on to achieve greatness. This fascination led me to a lifelong study of Rock stars. I wanted to see if there was some sort of commonality to their success. It turns out that these legendary artists, on top of being amazing performers, also employed many of the same habits, tools, and strategies to get to and stay at the top. As I learned more about this, I started to see that everyday people working at companies could apply these rock and roll insights. So I started working with some of the biggest companies like Home Depot, IBM, and Delta, delivering these rockstar lessons while giving them an experience of the rock and roll lifestyle I love so much. And the passion just grew even further, taking this experience to 24 countries allowing me to work alongside some of the rock and roll heroes that I study and speak about.  After traveling over three and a half million miles on Delta Plus hundreds of hours backstage with Rockstar CEOs, and famous VIPs this journey was leading me to the publishing of my first book,   In it, I breakdown what separates  the good and the great rock and rollers, the business lessons we can learn and how we can all unlock our inner rockstar in whatever we do in life.     There is a rock star inside of everyone that is just waiting to get out. An inner version of yourself that is focused and aligned toward achieving big dreams. And that’s what I'm going to talk to you about today. How you can become the best version of yourself, how to turn your life volume  up to 11 and how to come together “ right now”  with your team members as a ‘band’ set out to achieve greatness.  

 There are four chords or principles of Rockstar success that are used across the music and business world. If you can implement these rockstar principles into your daily life you will open yourself up to a world of new possibilities. I know you’ve accomplished a lot to even be in this room, you are the best of the best, but __________ told me what you’ve got ahead and I’m 100% certain that what got you here, won’t get you there. 

I repeat, doing the same thing is not enough, in order to take _____company name______ to the next level, you are going to have to work smarter together as a band to get there. 

So the first question is, are you committed, are ready to turn it up?

If you are ready Turn it up? are ready Hit Me 3 Times.
Today we are going to break some records, not vinyl records, but records that matter
 

Amazing! The cool thing about using these rockstar principles is, you don't have to stay up all night  or trash your hotel room to do it. Yeah. But you can still drive your rental car like a maniac, depending on your expense account. So ladies and  gentlemen, are you ready to get this party started? 

 Did you know that almost every popular song you hear on the radio, you stream or you download is made up of some variation of the exact same four chords? It's true, we're gonna check out a band called the Axis of Awesome where they're playing a bunch of popular tunes all sung over the exact same four chords. So grab your drumsticks, play along and let's see how many of these songs you recognize. Here we go.


 

 These four chords that you just heard are the building blocks or the foundation of becoming a rock star. And when you master them, then you're on your way to becoming an___________Name the Profession/Industry______Rockstar. And today I have broken down these  the four chords of Rockstar success, into  the A, the B, the C and the D chords. But today, we're gonna do them backwards. Why? Anybody care to take a guess? Because we're rockstars and we don't have to play by the rules. 

13:57  
. You know, as …….. and, the teams that support you, you  want more than just satisfied customers. you also want  excited teammates, right? You  want raving fans who go out and tell everybody how awesome you  are and what great job you do and how you're  rocking their world, 
But if we're not excited, how can we expect to get everybody else excited? It all starts with each and every one of you here in this room. So I will say and the crowd goes wild and you raise your jazz hands and scream. 
Thank you. Now grab your drumsticks and please welcome to the stage your D Chord


Hit me 3 times.



16:02  
Thank you, Steven Tyler for the Rockstar mating  call. 

Dreams, goals, vision. We've all heard that we have to have them right. The cool thing about rock stars is that they have big, unreasonable dreams. They don't just want to get by, pay the bills, and have a nice retirement. They want to take over the universe and change the world. In Madonna's first appearance on American Bandstand with Dick Clark, he asked her “Madonna, what do you hope will happen, not only in 1984 but for the rest of your professional life? What are your dreams? What's left?” Madonna answered simply, “To rule the world.” Big and  unreasonable, you bet. Therefore, Rockstar success requires a big unreasonable dream. And I'm going to argue that your continued success is going to require a big unreasonable dream. Why is a big dream so important?  Because reasonable dreams often get lost. They get buried in the day-today. They don’t excite you enough to push through and make them real. That’s why you need a Big Unreasonable Dream. (I call this your B.U.D)These dreams fire you up, push you to the next level and open a new world of possibility and success.  In today's competitive environment, especially coming out of the pandemic,Average is no longer enough. Average dreams come from average people and only produce average results. Average means you may soon be out of a job or out of business.  If you want to become a rock star at work and at home, you need to get crystal clear on your Big Unreasonable Dream. Because when you focus on the Dream, the work to get there all of sudden has a greater purpose. You are a rockstar on your way to accomplish your BUD. You come in fired up because you are working on your BUD. This energy is infectious. To you,Your boss and your team members and everyone else in your band. It's contagious , you have to spread it. So what is your bud? Your big unreasonable dream, most of us have a personal BUDAnd we'll have a professional  BUD but I'm willing to guess that most of your buds are not big enough, you need to 10x them. Because when you 10x your Bud  you start playing up here, that's when you set a new standard for yourself and for your company, and the universe, your mind or as I believe God starts to transpire to make this happen for you. This is your new standard and you work backwards towards your goal.  

I had the privilege to speak with some of you. I spoke with [Name} from [company or Dept]. I asked her what her BUD was. (customization) usually two or three examples.)
And then I spoke with …. Thats a BUD
Now speaking of Buds, does anyone remember these guys? ( roll song and slide)	
How in the world did KISS get out of the garage and become rock legends?

21:06  
Like millions of other bands, they were just two guitars, bass and drums. But unlike the other bands that were waiting to be discovered, KISS had a BUD 
Co founder Gene Simmons said we want to create the greatest and most raucous band in the world. And they were willing to do what others were not. I want you to imagine the early 1970s Gene and the boys are sitting on coolers in their garage and just got done rehearsing. And all of a sudden Gene jumps up and says What can we do to make our band different? See, I wonder who it was that raised their hand and said, Hey Gene, we can put on makeup that makes us look like a cat and a demon. ... And we can all get a tongue implant. Kiss wanted to set themselves apart, so much that you couldn’t help but remember them.  Because they weren't just creating a band. They were creating a brand. They spent hours putting on makeup and elaborate costumes for every show and public appearance. This dedication to going above and beyond led them to build an empire behind this image. To date Kiss has generated over half a billion dollars from licensing alone. 

And with 20 inch heels. They weren't just music giants. They were business giants. So my question for all of you out there this morning is what are you willing to do that others are not? Show up early,stay late, go the extra mile. As I'm sure most of you know, most people in your profession don't even go the first mile. But this is what confuses me. If we say we're going to do things to set ourselves apart, then doesn't it make sense that we should probably start doing things to set ourselves apart.
(CUSTOMIZATION WITH REAL CLIENT EXAMPLES.). 


So how can you be more like kiss? What is your spandex and makeup? What new, innovative and creative ideas can you come up with that will set you apart, apart from the others.=  

26:17  ( had to cut for First citizens to make time)
Kiss isn’t the only rock legend to set themselves apart by thinking big. 
ADDING JOAN JETT
When Joan Jett started her band, Joan Jett and the Blackhearts submitted their recordings to 23 record companies. She was turned down 23 times. What did she do? She started her own music label, Blackheart Records (. She recorded the album (spending her own money to record songs like “I Love Rock n Roll”), and started selling it at concerts – which no one was doing back then. (Blackheart Records later branched out into hip hop, including signing Big Daddy Kane.)
Later, MTV started and many artists feared it would kill the sales of records. (People can watch/listen to for free.) But Joan Jett agreed to let them play her new song “I Love Rock n Roll” and it soared to the number one song in America, where it stayed for 6 weeks.


Here is some trivia you might not know: The year was 2005, another up and coming rapper walked off the streets of LA into entertainment giant live nation's office. And instead of being like all the other wannabe rappers and asking how much money you got to pay me. Jay Z as we know him, asked the question “How can we change the industry together?” Have you ever thought about that question for your department, your teams, for your boss?, because I guarantee you, your executive leaders and your board of directors think about this all the time, Joan and her team thinks about this all the time. And I love what Joan has done for all of you and for the industry. So the next time I encourage you to get your team together or maybe when your boss gets the executive leaders together, you have to sit in and encourage him to drop this question. How can we change the industry together and then just sit back and zip it. Start writing down the answers? They'll give you gold. 

And final question and probably my favorite, please welcome Lady Gaga.


29:03  
Lady Gaga says, “I wake up in the morning, I make my hair bow. I put on my katzie. And I call up everyone in the house of Gaga and say, How are we going to be brilliant today?”  It’s a simple practice that you can ask yourself and your team, because if we are going to be rock stars, we have set our daily goals so that they align with our big unreasonable dream. 




( picked up here) cut joan jett, Jay Z and gaga)
So who's ready to get unreasonable?

30:35  
So what is your name, miss?

30:41  
Perfect, stand up. I want you to grab your drumsticks and lead this room.

(we will rock you playing in the background)
 And

30:47  
boom, boom, pow, boom, boom, pow. And while she's doing that, and this is first come first serve, I need three volunteers to the stage. There's three people on the stage. There's one. There's two there's three. 

All right, give our   conductor, a drumstick round of applause, great job.. So kudos to all of you. Now, here's the deal. You three represent………... And these people in the audience  are all of the decision makers .  they've narrowed it down to you four. So you've already beat out 5000 people that applied for this job. Now you have to take it to the next level, you have 30 seconds to engage, energize, connect and build relationships to win as many votes as possible. Now I will say this, this is a rock and roll show. And as we all know, and rock and roll, there's not a lot of rules. So I'm not really saying what you can do or what you cannot do. ou are going to be raving fans. Grab your drumsticks play along and 321 go
(roll sweet child of mine)

So because we reward great behavior, ladies. I'm going to give you a copy of my latest book Opportunity Rocks. I'll be in the back of the room with books. So you come back and grab one say hey
35:06  
And everybody else please welcome to the stage your C Chord 

35:36  
Rock stars always drive change to achieve their bud.their big unreasonable dream. I mean, you look at the long term successful rock stars and how they evolved through the years like Elvis. Elvis totally evolved through the years and I'm not just talking about his weight. Thank you very much. Can I have a hot dog please? How about Madonna? Madonna was and is constantly reinventing herself. She went from being like a virgin touched for the very first time to expressing herself. Or how about Taylor Swift, who started out as a cute country singer, and now named by Forbes Magazine as one of the 50 most powerful women in the world. And all she did was write a new album every time she broke up with her boyfriend. And shake it off. But here's the one and most important thing that most people miss about rock stars and how they change. They change intentionally. It doesn't happen by accident, and for you to drive change that's going to be purposefully reinvented on a regular basis, orchestrated evolution. 

Because what happens when you don't change intentionally? You end up like one of these greats in the graveyard. You end up like a blockbuster saying.. We're not blockbuster. We're blockheads. Why didn't we think of putting red boxes in front of stores? Or Borders books going online book sales? What a concept. Why didn't we think of that? We could have been Amazon. And why are these and many greats in the graveyard? Because they refuse to recognize what got them here won’t get them to their BUD.  They refused to evolve, go out and find new fans and, and customers to connect, listen and play  their music.  They refused to get outside of their comfort zone and embrace change. Change is inevitable, it’s uncomfortable, but if you are going to stand the test of time and become a rock legend, you need to accept that you are going to have to accept change.Now, changing intentionally can sometimes mean that we have to break a few rules, which rock stars do very well. But most of us don't. Here's what I mean, there was a time in the music industry when they were terrified about live bootleg recordings cutting into their profits,  but this band actually encouraged their fans to bring recording devices. They even roped off a spot right in front of the stage to give them the best sound in the house. And what did it do? It spread their music farther and wider and made them one of the most iconic bands in the world. It also created a bond with their fans. A bond so strong that it still exists to this day, even after the lead singer has passed on and the band has broken up and who is this band you might be wondering?

39:34  
Grateful Dead and Jerry Garcia \. ( TRACK AND MUSIC) quote
And because of that, it made the Grateful Dead, the most successful touring act of all time. So your C chord, you have to be the ones driving the change. And to do that, that's going to mean changing intentionally on a regular basis. And you're going to have to be the only one that does what you do. So how can you create that kind of bond with your fans, with your customers? And are you the only one who does what you do? Alright, jazz hands ready, and the crowd goes wild. Whoa, whoa, thank you,

42:41  
Put the drumsticks together, let's walk into the stage or B chord. Can't hear you.

43:11  
. Just like in a band and your business . If you want to achieve your BUD and constantly be the ones driving the change, you have to surround yourself with the right kind of people, create the right kind of working relationships and culture so that everyone plays nicely together. And while that synergy may seem easy, it's really not. 
As leaders, you have to create that safe environment. You have to make sure that everyone feels safe and comfortable speaking up, sharing ideas and they're not going to be made fun of or pushed down. Or that they need  permission to get on  stage. Let them go for it. That's how you're going to keep your people engaged. That's how you're going to solve the great resignation. That's how you're gonna keep them energized and make them feel like they have purpose and that they can change the industry together. Now I put together three key points to keep your band fine tuned high strung and operating at a higher level every day. First one is you have to put the band first. Legendary frontman Steven Tyler from the band Aerosmith said as good as I am. I am nothing without my band. Even with a big giant ego, he knows ya gotta do what's best for the team. Do what's best for the Band. Number two, you have to honor everyone's unique abilities. Now in a band, some people are upfront and very noticeable like the lead singer.
( mark does audience bit)
while others like the bass player, barely get noticed at all, but a smart Rockstar makes sure that everyone in the band gets honored. Raise your left drumstick if you know who Bill Wyman is . Okay, Mark, good job five people. raise your right drumstick if you know who Mick Jagger of the Rolling Stones is? Yeah, just about everybody. Well, Bill Wyman was the original bass player for the Rolling Stones and interviews with Jagger about the stones he goes on and on and on about what a great bass player Bill Wyman is. And guess what. That's why the stones are still together. They're all members of AARP. But they're still together. Their tour bus goes 30 miles an hour in the left lane down the freeway with the blinker on. But they're still together. And the same is true for you and yours. You have to allow each person to play out his or her part and then honor that person for their contribution. It's been said  about the Rolling Stones that Mick Jagger makes them famous. And Keith Richards, their guitars, makes them a band. And some of you make your bands famous, while others make it work  on a day by day basis. And there has to be a realization that you all play an important part to the success of your team, and that everyone should be honored for that contribution. So my question is, who are your bass players? When was the last time you thanked them? Gave them a gift card? pat on the back? So I'm gonna give a shout out to some of our bass players, (recognize av and crew)

Some bands like U2, they go on and become legendary. But other bands, actually most bands, break up. And what is it class that almost always breaks up bands? EGO
 Who said Yoko. Really? Okay, it's ego except when it's Yoko. But what keeps a band together is humility. A band leader that isn't overcome with the ego and knows that the band is better together. Okay, we're on The Final Countdown so everybody come with me Final Countdown here we go
( audience hums final countdown)

50:31  
and welcome to the stage your a chord 
.

50:46  
Okay, maybe not that kind of action. Here's the deal, you can have the biggest bud in the world, you can see the change that you have to drive, you can have the most awesome band members. But none of that means anything without your a chord. And A stands for what class?  Action taking daily massive action is the only thing that will take you to your bud. So Whenever I plan my day or my week,, I'll get out an old school legal pad, I call it a legal pad AI  but you can do this on your computer or mobile device. And I draw a line right down to the middle. On one side I put a top 10 list. On the other side, I put my Top three. And then I write down everything that I want to accomplish for that day or for that week. Then I have an audition and only the things in my top 10 list that are directly connected to my D chord, my bud, get into the top three list. And if I have more than three, then I audition them and pick out the most important three. And then you do those first. Now I have a shortcut or a hack. When I'm doing my audition and I'm going down that top 10 list. I look at each line item. And I say to myself if it's not a Hell yeah, or a rock on, then it's a no. And it doesn't get in the Top three list. Sometimes people ask, Mark, why only three? Well, Jim Collins did the research for you. And the scientific data is there and I'm, I'd be happy to share it with you later on. But he says if you have more than three priorities, you don't have any, your bandwidth is too thin. You're busy and not productive. But I love this quote from Gary Keller, . He said,” If you could get only one thing done today, and it made all of your other tasks unnecessary, what would it be? Then do that now.” 

 just give it 60 days and try this principle. If you do that, you will find that a lot of the top 10 list will automatically go away, or you won't need to do them. Is taking daily massive action  going to be easy? Of course not. It wouldn't be any fun if it was easy. 
( Bill Bachrack says if comfort is your goal success is not in your future. And since we are talking rock n roll here is their version of the phrase. 
Highway to hell slide)
Close
Take the road less traveled. Take the stairway. Because taking daily massive action isn’t easy, but trust me it is much better than fear, failure or mediocrity.


.Now, what you see up on the screen  is going to help you remember what you've already begin to forget. 
If you're ready for the next steps, and you're ready to fulfill your BUD...I've got everything you need to start your journey in a  playbook. Because who wants a work book right?  the QR code..." will take you to this free download It has all todays notes quote and slides, plus a lot of bonus material, book recommendations and CTAs it makes a great training manual with or without  my book if you want to incorporate The Rock Star Mindset training into your daily routines. 
(fake close)



a

Because I would love to have you on board, I would love to connect with you and your people. And those of you that took pictures today, just like you get evaluations, I asked you honestly to please evaluate me, go on my social media and post a photo or a comment, things you like didn't like be raw, be real, because that's how I get better. I need your feedback. Also, if you need like a little dose of Roctane on my Facebook and Instagram, I have daily Rockstar Motivation Quotes and Roctane quotes to help jumpstart your day.. 

59:09 Fake close 
. 4 chords It's the perfect formula for a hit song. And now it's the perfect formula for you to be the ( company) rockstars that stand out in an overcrowded industry  and heard above the noise if you take action right now. Stand up. Grab your drumsticks start pounding on the table  Chanting We want show. We want show. We want show. We want show.  Thank you (mark takes a bow)

59:46  
can hear you. Louder. Louder. Faster, faster, faster. Okay, okay. Okay, thank you, thank
Hey you cant have a rock n roll show without an encore.

1:00:03  
go ahead and have a seat, hey,. So you may be wondering why you have these drumsticks?, it really helps anchor in a message. creating engagement, andfun., but I want you to take them back home with you to your offices, or wherever you work. And whenever you're having a bad day, because we're gonna have a bad day, pop in your air buds, play your favorite anthem, because we all have a favorite anthem, and get your sticks out and start beating on  your desk. have some fun, refocus what we talked about today, and then get er er done. And then think of the different metaphors, you know,, we're going to drum up some business. Today, we're going to beat the competition, our company wants to the beat of a different drum. But more importantly, I thought it would be cool to kind of take what I've talked about and do a live performance. hence introducing the first ever

1:01:24  TITLE SLIDE) All Star band starring all of you.

1:01:29  
And in this band, we're going to have drummers we're going to have lead singers, we're going to have a rhythm section and we're going to have bass players. So let's start with our drumming section. Okay, these first two rows of tables right over here, you're going to be our drummers. Okay? And your world and please know that you know, every there's so many different varieties of companies here, that I'm not going to get all of your leadership's right and all the different band members, but for demonstration purposes, okay. Drummers leadership, they set the beat the tone and the foundation for the rest of the band to follow. If the drummer is off the whole companies off. Usually your CEO, President, your executive leaders, VP of Operations, and sometimes in your own department, if you have a lot of people, you're the drummer. Okay, so drumming section, these two tables, you're gonna put your sticks in both hands, and you got to pound on the table on a one and a three. I'll go 56781 and three, and one and three, hit them hard. One, and three, and one and three. hit them hard. One, and three. And one and three. 
1:02:47  
Stop right there.

1:02:49  
hold that beat in your mind. Now on this side of the room. We have the bass players are unsung heroes. Yes. You know, song would be pretty lame without a good thumping baseline. You know, we said the bass players are not always upfront and seen. But we got to have bass in our song, right? It's all about the bass. So your unsung heroes in your world could be it. Facilities, accounting, delivery teams, EA sometimes shipping receiving the mailroom vendors, trainers, third party people like that. Those are your bass player. And I'm sure you can probably think of a few more. So bass players, I want you to hold your stick and the left hand about halfway up. You're going to strike with your right on a two and a four. It's going to be two and four and two, and four. Don't forget to smile when you smile for no reason. People wonder what you've been up to. All right, great job. This is what we live for. That's performance. All right, hold that thought bass players. This section right here. You're going to be the rhythm section. All right. Good. Okay. I owe you a steak dinner. Okay, rhythm section, that's when the song starts to take notice or you start to recognize the melody. And I say it starts to get some pillars and legs but it can't quite walk on its own. A lot of times the rhythm section people they're working double time. So who are some of your rhythm people? Maybe it's marketing PR HR project managers admins meeting planners if your company has you know a lot of events and things like that. Which by the way, I would like to meet your meeting planner. Okay rhythm section because you're going double time, but your sticks up in the air and we're gonna go double time like this 1234567812345678 Don't forget smile.. All right, great job. Last but certainly not last. Everybody else that has left. You're our lead singers are Beyonce or Taylor Swift's or Madonna's or Mick Jagger's or Steven Tyler's walking the walk talking to dogs Scream and accompany message only because you're supported and surrounded by an amazing, awesome band. So lead singers, anything to do with sales, maybe directors business development. And depending on how your business or your company is, if you have customers, if you do a great job, your company does a great job, you have a superior product, great customer service, your customers are going to be your lead singers, they're going to tell everybody how awesome you are. So lead singers, you're going to come in on a six count. Hit the table three times really, really fast. And say………. rock. All right, so I'll count you in 567-812-3456 EAS rock 123456123456 All right, great job. Now here's the deal. I know you're holding back because there's gonna be a lot of noise here in about 30 seconds. So EAA rockers, lead singers, you're going to have to shout it out if you're going to be heard above the noise. Okay, now I'm going to bring you in one section at a time. And you're gonna love the song that I chose today, because I thought it was really appropriate with all the messaging and the Yes, and admins rock. So it's from the late grade David boy. And it's called Rebel rebel. Because if you look up rebel in the urban dictionary, this is what it says. A person who doesn't follow the crowd go through everyday motions and does not accept normal behavior. if we're going to drive change, if we're going to have the most awesome band members and take daily massive action on important and not urgent, we got to be the rebels. We got to do things differently. So standby, I'm going to bring you in one table at a time. You're gonna love this version. It was done in 2016. In Italy in a stadium where they did the impossible they brought 1000 musicians together all playing the same song at the same time and playing it loud. Alright.

1:07:21  
Standby 56783 and one and three, and one and three. And one and three. Good job one and three. And one and three. One and three. And one and three. One and three. And one bass players read 567 in his one bar four

1:07:56  
bar four bar Good job bass players give it up for two bars 1234123412566 Head to head

1:08:29  
to head boss

1:08:41  
123412341234 lead singers are you ready? You're gonna have to be loud 56781234563456123456123456123456123456123456

1:09:35  
All right. Things don't always go the way we want them to. Sometimes we have obstacles. So everybody stand up. Everybody stand up. Don't miss a beat. And everybody is wrong. Everybody's saying is wrong. I think my work is done here. John. Come on out. job's done. Good


1:10:57  
Thank you. Thank you very much.